Unreleased
==========

1.6.6
=====

Added
-----

* Added `ARILES_CCACHE` cmake option to control usage of ccache.



1.6.5
=====

Added
-----

* Added `ARILES_CPP_SANITIZERS` cmake option to control gcc/clang sanitizers.
* Enabled sanitizers in CI.


Fixed
-----

* Inconsistent visibility attributes.



1.6.4
=====

Added
-----

* cppcheck and scan-build checks in CI, corresponding fixes.



1.6.3
=====

Fixed
-----

* Jsonnet visitor, added corresponding tests.
* Improved/fixed handling of `ALLOW_MISSING_ENTRIES`.
* Fixed bug in `yaml-cpp` calls.
* Fixed some compilation warnings.


Changed
-------

* Stricter compilation flags.
* Rename 'bridge' -> 'visitor'.
* Format sources with clang-format.
* Reworked internal API of abstract base classes for readers and writers.
* Allow writing and reading classes with empty root name, the exact behavior
  depends on the markup format.
* APIv2: `ARILES_DEFAULT_ID` is now fully optional.



1.6.2
=====

Fixed
-----

* Minor old API compatibility issues.



1.6.1
=====

Added
-----

* RapidJSON: allow writing floats as floats instead of strings, enable
  compilation with older RapidJSON versions.



1.6.0
=====

Changed
-------

* Compile visitors into shared libraries.
* cmake cleanups & fixes.



1.5.0
=====

Removed
-------

* Do not build third party libraries from sources.



1.4.0
=====

Added
-----

* New architecture and API.
* Old API is reimplemented on top of the new API. Minor compatibility issues
  may appear.
* Added tests for the new API.


Fixed
-----
* Fixed in the new API: all ariles classes are `finalize()`d after reading a
  configuration, but manual call to `finalize()` does not guarantee that. If
  necessary, use autogenerated `finalizeAriles()` method instead, which in turn
  may call `finalize()` methods multiple times for the same class.
